If you’re not being fucking honest with yourself how could you ever hope to communicate something meaningful to someone else? To surpass others is fucking tough, if you only do as you are told you don’t have it in you to succeed. Design as if your fucking life depended on it. A good fucking composition is the result of a hierarchy consisting of clearly contrasting elements set with distinct alignments containing irregular intervals of negative space. Nothing of value comes to you without fucking working at it. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. Think about all the fucking possibilities.

Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. To surpass others is fucking tough, if you only do as you are told you don’t have it in you to succeed. A good fucking composition is the result of a hierarchy consisting of clearly contrasting elements set with distinct alignments containing irregular intervals of negative space. Widows and orphans are terrible fucking tragedies, both in real life and definitely in typography. Sometimes it is appropriate to place various typographic elements on the outside of the fucking left margin of text to maintain a strong vertical axis. This practice is referred to as exdenting and is most often used with bullets and quotations.

Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. Make your work consistent but not fucking predictable. Learn from fucking criticism. Fuck.

You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. Fuck. Make your work consistent but not fucking predictable. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. If you fucking give up, you will achieve nothing. Form follows fucking function. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think.

ou need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. Fuck. Make your work consistent but not fucking predictable. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. If you fucking give up, you will achieve nothing. Form follows fucking function. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think.
